:icons: font

== Why believe in God?

+++<img src="html/images/andromeda.png" align="left" alt="Andromeda
galaxy"></img>+++From the modern knowledge of astronomy we can see that God
exitsts. Astronomers have scientifically shown that the universe is 13.7
billion years old.  That means the universe has a beginning. But everything
that has a beginning did not create itself, it must be made by another. That
'other' that has no beginning, we call 'God'. It is very reasonable to believe
in God.

TIP: It is much easier to believe in God, than to wrestle with all kinds of
arguments. Nonetheless, it is not hard to see that God exists by looking at our
universe.

+++<img src="html/images/log_cabin.png" align="left" alt="Log cabin in a
deserted island"></img>+++Supose you were stranded on a deserted island. You
are hungry and thirsty. You are desperate. You start walking to find some food,
maybe some water. As you walk you find a log cabin!  What a joy! There are some
humans in this island! Maybe they can help me. 

WARNING: If someone tells you that the log cabin came from spontaneous
generation after some trees fell during a primordial storm, make sure you let
them know that all you get from broken fallen trees is a pile of firewood.

This log cabin experience can also show us that God exists. Wherever there is
technique, art, and high level organization there is an 'intelligence'. When
you see the cabin you immediately think there are people around. The same with
the universe, we have so many things with great technique, art, organization:
for example, the laws of mathematics, the laws of physics, the beauty of a
flower. 

IMPORTANT: All these laws existed before humans, so there must be an intelligence that
made them.  These laws are made by an intelligent being, they can't make
themselves just like the log cabin can't rise spontaneusly from a bunch of
fallen trees. This intelligence we call 'God'.

+JMJ
// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
