:icons: font

== Why be a Christian?
+++<img src="html/images/Jesus_sinner.png" align="left" alt="I want to heal you
.. .. confession?"></img>+++Many religions believe in God, but not all are
Christians; why then be a Christian if we believe in God?  If Jesus proves that
He is God, then it stands to reason that we should be a Christian.

If Jesus is God, then we should follow the religion He founded!! It simply
stands to reason to follow the religion made by God himself on earth.

WARNING: There is only one religion whose founder claims to be God:
'Christianity'. Buddha does not claim to be God, Confucius does not claim to be
God, Mohammed does not claim to be God. Jesus, however, tells us He is God.

So how do we know that 'Jesus is God'? First because He said it, second because
He proved it. First, He said it. In the bible we have many passages that show
us that Jesus said He is God: _"before Abraham was I AM"_ (John 8:58); Thomas
the Apostle explicitly calls Jesus God, and Jesus praises Thomas because he
believed: _"Thomas answered him, My Lord and my God! Jesus said to him, Have
you believed because you have seen me? Blessed are those who have not seen and
yet believe."_  (John 20:28-29)

But it was not enough to simply say that Jesus is God, He also proved it. Jesus
proved He was God by the many, many miracles He did. Those miracles are
recorded by many eyewitnesses in the bible. The greatest miracle of all is Jesus'
own resurrection from the dead. 

For example, when He raised Lazarus
from the dead: _"Lazarus, come out. The dead man came out, his hands and feet
bound with bandages"_ (John 11:43-44). Now many eyewitnesses saw this, and they
recorded it in the bible. There is not even one document in early history that
denies that this happened. If this had been a fabrication we would have at
least one early record denying its authenticity, but there is not one document
from early history denying that Lazarus rose from the dead. Like this there are
many other miracles in the bible, I would encourage you to read it yourself. A
good place to start is the Gospel of St. Luke.

+JMJ
// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
